en: backup-to-s3, deploy-on-aws-eks: various small changes (#1210)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-on-aws-eks.md

    * Install and configure `eksctl` used for creating Kubernetes clusters.
    * Install `kubectl`.

> To verify that AWS Cli is configured correctly, run `aws configure list`. This should show a value for `acces_key` and `secret_key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify that AWS Cli is configured correctly, run `aws configure list`. This should show a value for `access_key` and `secret_key`.
```

> To verify that AWS Cli is configured correctly, run `aws configure list`. This should show a value for `access_key` and `secret_key`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To verify whether AWS CLI is configured correctly, run the `aws configure list` command. If the output shows the values for `access_key` and `secret_key`, AWS CLI is configured correctly. Otherwise, you need to re-configure AWS CLI.
```
